chore: add limiation section for deep write (#1611)
cap-js/docs: guides/providing-services.md

```
:::

#### Limitations

Note that deep `WRITE` operations are only supported out of the box if the following conditions are met:

1. The on-condition of the composition only uses `=` operator

> 2. Expressions are combined with the logical operator `AND`

Reviewer: and no negation `not(...)`

Author: also for deep writes?

Reviewer: We don't support writing via on-conditions using negation.
`not(...)` can be rewritten using `!=`, which is covered by condition 1.

Author: somehow I misread the initial comment and though you do support `not(...)`.
In essence, you also only support `AND`. `OR/NOT` are not supported generically?!.

We could emphasize this with 

```suggestion
2. The predicates are only connected with the logical operator `AND`
```

Reviewer: That's correct, writing via on-conditions using `OR` or `NOT` is not supported.

Author: I've changed the sentence now to above proposal. fine for you?

> 3. The operands are references or `$self`

Reviewer: In Java we also support literals and pseudo vars, e.g. `$user.locale`

Author: For a model like this, you automatically, you do set the locale automatically? Does that apply only to `locale` or to all pseudo variables?

```cds
entity X {
    key ID: Integer;
    ys: Composition of many Y on ys.locale = $user.locale
}
```

Reviewer: Yes, we automatically set the value for the pseudo var and support all vars.

Author: bullet point is updated

Good:
```cds
entity Orders {
  key ID : UUID;
  title  : String;

>   Items  : Composition of many OrderItems on Items.order = $self;

Author: If we don't make a distinction of good/bad, I do not think that we need a sample.

>   Items  : Composition of many OrderItems on Items.order = $self;

Reviewer 2: I mean it does show "Don't do that, do that". The only difference in both samples is this one line, or?

>   Items  : Composition of many OrderItems on Items.order = $self;

Author: i think my comment was placed at the wrong place. I was referring to adrians comment above. We can do it in one block of course.
